                 Module 4) HR Questions

1 - Outline your career goals and where you see yourself in the next few years.

“In five years, I see myself continuing to grow in my career and taking on more responsibility within the company by leveraging the expertise I’ve gained working in this industry for the past 5 years.

I’m also looking to start a family in the next few years, so I’ll be balancing work and home life. I think that my career goals and personal goals will complement each other nicely and help me to achieve a healthy work-life balance.”

I would also like to continue developing soft skills and technical skills by taking on additional training opportunities. I think that being in a management position will give me the opportunity to do both of these things .

2 -  Detail the roles and industries you are interested in.

I am intersted in cyber security and ethical hacking .

Cybersecurity is important because it protects vulnerable information from these "bad actors," including hackers and other cybercriminals trying to access valuable data. Valuable information cyber criminals desire includes intellectual property, government secrets, credit card numbers, account passwords or electronic medical records. Meanwhile, professionals in different cybersecurity roles, from entry-level analysts to top-level executives, protect and defend against these continually evolving threats and attacks.

Cybersecurity professionals work in nearly every sector and industry — public and private, for-profit and nonprofit — and at businesses and organizations large and small, including:

Banking and finance
Government
Health care
Insurance
Law enforcement
Technology

The specific job responsibilities for any cybersecurity role can also depend on the size and resources of the employer. “At a smaller or mid-size firm, you might end up being a ‘jack of all trades,’ while at a larger firm, you’re more likely to have specialists,” said Champion.

Cybersecurity professionals can benefit from starting as generalists and then specializing in an area of interest or strength, according to Champion. These areas can include:

Application security
Data loss prevention
Forensics
Incident response
Network security
Security architecture
Threat intelligence
Vulnerability management



